# Ruckard Smith Trading notes - Disclaimer

Trading of goods, real or virtual, which include virtual currencies (Cryptocurrencies), involves significant level of risk. Prices can fluctuate on any given day. Because of such price fluctuations, you may gain or lose value of your assets any moment. Currency may be subject to large swings in value and may even become worthless. You should carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you in light of your circumstances and financial resources. We have highlighted some of those risks below.
Traders put their trust in a digital, decentralized and partially anonymous system that relies on peer-to-peer (network in which interconnected nodes ("peers") share resources amongst each other without the use of a centralized administrative system) networking and cryptography to maintain its integrity. This means that there is no central bank that can take corrective measure to protect the value of Cryptocurrency in a crisis or issue more currency.

Cryptocurrency trading is probably susceptible to irrational (or rational) bubbles or loss of confidence, which could collapse in demand relative to supply. For example, due to the fundamentals of the cryptocurrency trading system’s functioning, it is vulnerable to fluctuations in the level of confidence of market participants, which directly affects the level of demand or supply. The level of confidence can be affected both by purely economic factors and non-economic, including technological ones.
Cryptocurrency transactions are irreversible. If you send Cryptocurrency to an incorrect address, or send the wrong amount, you cannot get it back.

**Any opinions, news, research, analyses, prices, or other information contained on Ruckard Smith Trading notes are provided as general market commentary, and do not constitute investment advice.**

Before buying or selling Cryptocurrency, you should educate yourself about digital currencies. Buying and selling entails risks and could result in a complete loss of your funds. You should carefully overthink whether your financial situation and tolerance for risk is suitable for buying, selling or trading Cryptocurrency.